and so what if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
good luck in your search for the one!
my ex of 3 years cheated.
work at it but don't let him keep you locked up at home.
> > other than those two things, just ask him once in a while.
also men get bored and tire way before woman do.
its one way of saying i don't like you!
king had a song about this - only your mother loves you ( and see might be jiving too ).
he loves you, too, girl... time will tell.
he wants me to change how i look.
i know i have someone to come home to.
did you fell goog because i want to have sex, but you have to be careful
you want all your friends forever? )
it doesn't mean that you are slutty.
going to a club and dancing.
don't go anywhere you went with him or her.
they're a lot of fun - there's plenty to do.
it all depends on when ur ready.
stay 100 miles away from this guy.
just be prepared cause if it happen once it can happen again!
i'm just looking for the girl who wants that time with me
least not till he gets another girlfriend.
wife says, we don't wear that shit.
if you're asking, then you should break-up w/ and open yourself to other options.
why do gays want to get married?
do you have to rush your choice?
they both dont respect your feeling.
no seriously, think about howmany cocky girls are out there.
she is too afraid to ask him out.
get a grip, how can you love someone that you don't even communicate with.
i'd ask you out, but i live in oregon and have no idea where you live...
they have never proformed before and it doubles the plesure!
i'll probably go and see one.
mail me a pick honorarius @ yahoo.com and i will tell you...
well-im girl so ill help u out.
dont tell them but let them find out once your in bed with her.
if i would've kept my last name its just a freakin name.
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games.
he's telling that to some gurls too... he's a womanizer..
drop his buttt, there are plenty of fish in the sea of amore:0 )
i know because i am just like your wife.
when she calls, text her back
no way im 5`4 and he`s 6`2
dont you know the number one rule, trust no one.
we've tried breakin up a couple times but it never happens.
oh and some because theyre thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on.
if u have penis than its no problem u just hv to penitrate her pussy with ur errect penis.
in that case tkake some defense classes.
i just got out of a 3 yr relationship with my baby's father.
what happened when the politician took viagra?
hi, my name is xxxxxx been working for me for years.
i can onli say... women r complicated...
we like soft approch and a lil bit of chasing.
you would be genuinly suprised in the type of people that go to them.
it is very fun and enjoyable especially when you meet each other after texting a few months
hey, i'm in nyc i'll help you out if your around!
sounds strange but it worked in about 3-5 days for me!
don't worry, i aint working with much either.
why does it matter what they think if they dont get along dont spend time togather.
if he is then you have a good man.
if he likes you, you'll know!
i guess its normal, but id just move on
i like any guy that is funny.
girl only you can decide on this...
do go telling everyone just because you think thats right.
10 years gap is just nice.
then if he still doesn't like you, then move on.
beacuse they feel insecure with less educated guys..........
for one thing if it doesn't work out there goes your job.
and i hope to god it doesn't ever pass!
only the ones that aren't worth your time
you guys don't have any reason to hate each other.
if you don't you'll always wonder.
some people choose not to because of thier religion, others don't.
give it a chance because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends
the best of luck to ya!
men who were not ready to committ.
this is a big day in both of your lives, it shouldnt be done quickly and without thought.
one man willing to move 21 hours/1,400 miles just to be with me.
i must not be ugly enough then
but thats ok. im a giver.wink, wink.
well depend on women wot she want
remember it takes two not one
hang around untill the bar closes--or visit a prison
because believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
but stick with wats inside of u.
hell, it happened to me twice.
maybe your young, i don't know.
no matter what he says, action speaks louder then words
aint nothing in the world like a big boned gurl!
( even if he is rich, dont sell ur self.
just moved to sacramento, gay male, 30
the people who are around you now, like your friends, should like you no matter what!
cuz they like the little titis and pussys
wait til you get older and if you both still feel the same way then go for it!
yes im not one of those people but i know there are lots of them
no, not if you have to ask...
coz they are girls man and they are not as sofisticated as we are!
'... does this mean he likes me?.
i dated one and i know.
look at the way she walks.
no ( at least i hope not ).
hello: i am looking to visit your country.
overtime should i give him another chance?
the same guy you wan na be in a relationship with?
i went and there he was.
( that's what i called it ).. but, why?
that way you can still go by your last name!
i have told her i liked her and she said she would want to ruin or friendship.
you can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat
show her your naked baby pictures.
but i am not telling you to be celibate till then; - )
if he if flurting with her ok jump him.
i love curly hair i like to run my fingers thru it
i want my wife to grow too.
well that is just the way it is i guess.
i can just toss him to side and forget about him like last night's trash........lol
but he was a lil busy after that.
i do not know what to do because she knows how much i care about him.
if you do eat something like that then just quit.
it could be that u need to piss or the last dream u had
you know.......if he wants to wear my pants all he has to do is ask.......sheesh!
if you were friends before and have stronger feelings now then it should be o > k >
and i want to try again.
figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
lie lie lie and then lie some more
wait until you find that out for sure first and then go from there!
if you two are at a dance, he shouldn't really care.
trust him, don't bring it up again.
honestly, most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels.
i actually ponder this one now and again.
i met this guy once, very romantic, i met him in this huge rainstorm.
ok now some guy's like girls like that and some don't
it comes right after threeplay and before fiveplay.
when i fall in love, i feel stupid.
if you have to ask, then you are not in love.
if you start to feel the it comming on then start the four play again.
i don't understand someone please give me the answer
i saved a good $ 500-600 doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all.
but ask a girl about the sympthoms because i'm a boy.
be you show a little toghness thats what girls like atleast most of them but mostly be yourself
follow ur heart... it's neva wrong
they bother u all day long.
see if he calls, e-mails or even cares.
you can do a civilian arrest answ3r3r
a spasm in your back usually
by now, you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured.
good luck and i hope everything goes well!
say i love you and if the wait to say it back it tells it all
try asking her out again and see what she says.
; ) there is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
ask her questions ( don't just talk ).
and remember there is more then 1!
i think they just look better than a whole lot of nations out there.
we got married all over again!
all in all i don't think it really matters.
and im sure as heck not driving 5 hrs just to hang out unless i really really like her.
how often can you have sex with pam anderson?
i told her that i loved her and truly meant it.
think about what good it brought about.
the thing is im a person that does not like to brake others heart.
give a rose and express ur love
i like thick because i feel cheated with a thin one!
bcozz we always find a life partner therfor we attract with opposite side
what the hell r ya talking abt?
if you keep talking to him for another week, he might think he is married to you.
women dont want much, just some acknowldgement and sometimes help.
at least thats what it seems like to me.
don't be afraid to say no.
dump him... there are always more fish in the sea.
to me it realy dose'nt matter, but a hand full is quite enought for me.
choose the one that adores you the most!
you still released at least a thousand!
you go to a bar and get drunk!
give it some time and thought.
no u shouldnt leave them... just teach them what to do to please u better...
bembie hit the nail on the head
no.u guys kiss when ur ready
haha julesac is funny, but mean.
if youre asking this, u surely have already distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend.
dont try to figure it out thats jus the way it is.
i dont know.but i know of another website that i go to..
ok it depends on how much your starting to have feelings for this boy!
! he must be a control freak
it all depends on the girl or the and how intersted the girl is in the guy.
look, try and get out to meet people.
usually it is multiple things not just one thing
if u really really really really really really like them
for the guys: ( a ) do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman?
if all you do is argue it's not worth it..
u just have to be patient and the right girl will come along.
wife because then you can do more with out comminting a sin
depends, some days i want to have sex, somedays i don't.
plus they are more passionate in love makin.
maybe because your the most beautiful girl they have seen.
it really depends if someone is vain or not.
someone i can be myself with.
send me your picture and contact me..
stay away from this guy friend.
the doctor can't even believe it.
if not, then don't sweat it!
i could give you some pointers.
if you feel your love is fading, don't just sit there and do nothing!
i will not stay with someone i don't trust.
i only once told a girl that i loved her, and i meant it.
you married him and it was for a reason.
rip off your shirt and do a tarzan yell.
yes, girl down there, don't have sex.
they accept this in thier culture.
always trail ride with a friend.
you didn't give us very good information/ do you all live in one house.
move on - so what if he's hot... looks aren't everything.
lol most important... just be yourself.
sorry, i never have felt that way!
i sure wont like any girl who would make my life difficult...
or if he gets them first, you get the popcorn.
practice, ask if your doing good.
but if u are sure then first tell your parents if you havent done allready.
well i met mine in a carnival.
sounds like a rhetorical question: )
well i believe everybody should keep their own name.
but ur first kiss should feel like ur in hevan.
there is nothing but trouble there!
how to make a woman happy to make a woman happy....?
dont do things tht can get you hurt.
i mean of course you will be making more money if you work hard.
please don't go up to her and tell her how good she looks.
i don't think it's good idea, u are not there for this purpose!
go up to her and say'hi, are you single?'
i think he would make a great valentine.
just be prepared to let her go.
rather than just sit there and wait till u are a good one.
get a massage..and get away from it all..hehe..
well if u really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him.
take them both out at the same time
it happened to me and i am now dating that person
only two points to make friends 1.
so you might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you..
preferrably someone who doesn't hate you.
we tried to move on but it didn't work.
i wouldn't bother calling him back.
try not to hang out with him and find another guy.
look for another hot girl, so she will be jealous.
so in my opinon ur not a hoe!
red= love, black = death ect...
if she likes him than she dont like u dump her is not his fault that she strays
for me anything after 3 days and i might start to forget about you.
find a girl who has talets she also must be prety
there no one you can trust more than a good friend!
start the day off with breakfast out... then perhaps a nice walk.
then go pick them up ( if she say yes ).
if yes, why do i heard some girl said flowers ar not going to last?
may be its interesting for them
could it ever be the same...
it's not that bad... at least it is not bella
or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances...
finally a culture that has it right.
my twin wont talk or listen to me
want to get something you can not get rid of go ahead then
only i am not thinking about him but i am having dreams about him.
if ur talkin ten then i think it would be fine to get a video/ computer game.
if he can't then take him to a place where they have slowdances ( dinner date, maybe? )
i feel this is most beautiful in a family life.
it's your choice not to hate one, i dislike them to say the least.
never ever get married without a prenup....
get a life and don't waste mine.
she says your too good for her?
guys come & go, but friends are forever!
it could probably mean a lot of things.
yes it is normal cause their is lots of people who still likes some they broke up with.
i`d like to see what a black female has to say about this.
guys are stupid! who knows why they do what they do.
well if they gave you their phone number you dont have to wait at all
cause were masters of the universe...
i'm in love and don't care who knows it buddy the elf.
and whatever you do, don't try to have both of them at once.
if you really wanted to be with him, you wouldn't be asking.
remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits.
when my sis kisses someone she closes her eyes to get ready.
umm small party for the family
girls are perverts they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly
and im only in fith grade o ya!
but you do what you want.
don't do that, it won't work.
if they don't, it's time to move on.
he everything i ever wanted with the looks, money, stuff.
yes, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
nope, she is not a liar.
and he had his nose pierced.
yup, i can lift him, he's only 185....lol
you need a therapist for that.
maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking asian girls
you should go see a shrink!
giving you stupid excuses of the wall! acting the way he didn't before!
be strong, and hang in there.
nope, he's too darned big and i'm too darned weak!
basically if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob / or slut then yes it is unattractive...
especially if you don't feel like it.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil.
i cant give you a wife view but hopefully mine is just as good.
plus it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone...
depends on the woman, it's better shaved=- )
ask in english terms... can not understand you
hey, i'm a guy, but i'll tell you a little.
i like him alot and i want to win him over not push him away.
ok like i really really really like this guy and i dont know if he likes me back.
btw - ur avatar looks familiar.
it's been over 6 months & i can't seem to get over it.
maybe he thinks he will be turned down.just ask... i would.
you got ta think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him!
a picture the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated....thats special
i am in college and he is my only sourse of income until i get out.
i've been with this girl for 8 months and we haven't kissed is this bad?
some guys don't like boobs at all!
or that she just wants to see other people?
and hes seen me every day for about 4 or 5 years!
there was his stop so he got off the train.
but, i know exactly what i want in a relationship.
i would flirt and send flowers and candies to my self and then he would ask u out sometime
i also hate seeing my dad unhappy.
i feel bad because i know that i snore sometime--most people do, right?
i like sos and need to know if im in love
if you guys truely love each other then u can work out all the fighting etc.
because neither of you have the guts to call it quits
however that does not mean that big girls can't be cute.
but he is getting married this month.
but those guys are jerks and you don't want them anwyay.
and get married only after you've been with a guy for more than 2 years.
man has penis and woman has clitoris.
seperate the bad thing and move on!
if she will tell the administration i will be expelled coz its pakistan not america
you should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will.
maybe you and i can get together sometime & we'll find love with one another.
i would be, but i'm just married!
play the field a bit now.
as everyone said... dont get married so early.
just want to know have you been to the doc yet!
pay attention to what the other person says!
just talk your spouse about this
if you are into sixth graders you are obviously young.
ask if they wan na go somewhere with you.
-a trip to amusement park such as roller coaster or even theatrical museum.
or do guys really do prefer bigger women?
problem is i really like him.
should i dump him because of his mother
i did this before ( accidentally ) and my friend was mad that i deleted him!
i dont think i mind either way.
but thats her way... you could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open...
there are some that do, but you should be able to tel.
r u talking about ur avatar?
i dont ever remember giving a girl a cristmas gift unless i liked her.
i don't know what to do.
try to be your self and don't show off
so just take it day by day-step by step.think of how he lost a good thing.
compliments, honesty and make it about her.
i think hse will crash him!
it just means that she is really interested in the guy.
please do.. im thinking you would get slapped mid-reach, or kicked in the groin.
only now she and i are both divorced.
if he/she want to see you picture rightaway it sex!
hey it's better than her givin u a fake # to call lol!
tell her to move to mass.............
if you feel this strongly about it then maybe you shouldn't get married.
the pictures i've seen... i would say maui or the bahamas.
the guy i like is mad at me.
you're 13 don't even worry about it...
that way you dont have to worry about you calling him too much!
i am a guy and let me tell you, we love to chase!
thanks for the pep in advance!
we always seem to push the ones taht we love away.
they think that they can control other peoples lives when thye cant
thats weird but maybe idk ill talk to my friend by his locker.
if a guy cares he calls.
what special gift can i give my would be brother in law for his birthday?
he probably doesnt want to either.
some guys do... and some guys don't.
the timing just wasnt right for it with the old guy... you'll see!
generally kind and my fifth: i'll just be dissapointed if she's stupid.
its one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
i do not believe trust has to be earned, because how is that even possible.
don't let her rule your life, she will just have to learn to deal with it.
i have yahoo email and that works for me.
i wouldn't worry too much about it.
oh yes, the trick ass hoe's never had a chance.
when you can fart in front of the one your dating
depends on how old they are.
and any guy who sas he woul is prolly not being entirely honest with himself.
if you flirt with him, the challange is not there.
if you need your x emotionally - then ya got some troubles.
20 to 32... she doesn't have to be younger than you.
my be she don't love you but try to use your brean not your haerd
there are tons of cheap ideas out there, just find what you like and work with it!
and if you are worried about doing it - performance wise - dont.
find a nother girl and if that dosent work move back
most often ( not always ) that will be guys around your age, give ot take.
if u you act like dat all da time she might think u desperate.
not everyone on here is in school.
should i make the first move or should i wait for him to make the first move?
after a while you dont even see the color.
: ) i haven't tried it yet, but i am still trying to get up the nerve....
if you two are serious then asking her that question shouldn't bother her.
sak her out what's up with that?
how about... would you like to go out with me sometime?
those was good times i tells ya.
its all about her, and no it shouldnt be something that happends on a first date.
do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time.
you are too good for them
depending on the age, cds or dvds.
20 years down the road that is all you can be so start from the beginning
ill like to visit usa what are the needfull things
u sound like a very lovely person so dont let some of these gals drag you down.
you dont look, just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a gf will come along.
don't persue it, he is getting married.
like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry?
then when she starts closing her eyes, kiss her in the lipps and then its up to you!
please be honest with me i can handle the truth
its shows how much they care about you!
tell her that you miss her and that you love her.
coffee, lunch, site seeing, walk/talk/play in the park, museum, movie matinee
what you whant is a hooker, you can find that in any corner of the world.
but now we do all these things together and i dont know what to do..
because if it fails you be up $ h*t!
and its been the best thing for at least me.
the problem is that he cheated on me recently and it was the worst that he could of done.
if you are happy she should be happy, unless he really is being bad to you.
we like it when guys do things for us and think about us.
maybe if you give him space he will eventually call you back.
tell him you don't want a real relationship.
if you look creepy and you look..they'll all think you're leering.
i don't know about love, but he likes you for sure
if a guy really respects u then he'll understand.
ask yourself and decide.and if you can afford it, do if you want to.
because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy.
sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad
i dont think it is wise to date at work.
let it take it's course from there.
about what they think about gay marrige/ relationshiops?
so ofcourse i had to ask him if he was blowin me off.
guys will think youre hot no matter what with this usually.
but i dont htink that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you.
marriage is really about trusting & communicating
ok, so i had this problem too.
depending on what you kissed; )
it depends on if you could trust him before!
make sure you dont make her hate you just get your point across too her
uh- wher've u been meeting these filipinas?
that way, you aren't exactly telling them what you specifically don't like about them.
if he is, then go for it!
then see if shes open for a dinner & a movie.
hey im sorry i don't know and i wish best of luck to both of you!
however---- i find him looking at me every now and then.
this is sin, our selves have started this
fun includes eating meals ( not breakfast if yo know what i mean ).
make a kind move, if no responce u know what to do!
let him make the first move if u do it may make u look like ur ubsesd with him!
you people have no right to get married!
my tragic love story was i loved him very much and he loved me too.
u seem desperate and you'll never find a if you're desperate.
but he swears that we're just friends.
looks don't really matter unless you are trying to prove something.
again, i know once u have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
the fact that a guy is sooo self centered is a huge turn off for me.
don't rush it feel all your emotions come alive.
it a two way traffic until you get them you will know which one it is
so you have one baby out of wedlock.
i know i'm overtly picky about people how can i stop it!
it hurts....alot... maybe some girls might say that's it?
im going to jump that boy is that the right choice
so it was a good ideea!
if she gets drunk then it is not a turn off.
because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly.
i'd perfer if they left me alone... sorry, i got off-topic.
ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she'd like.
haha... too bad it's not automatic like msn or aol.
and thats how they'll react to it so yea its bad situation for you and him.
go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you.
lol i too want to smack that smile off her face
and ask if he wants to dance with you.
then she might say that looks ugly i think ( a color ) looks better.
ask him to go see a doc.
i never went out with him a second time.
first of all, why did u guys break up?
why wait,,,,, go ahead do it
as long as he dosent mind, who elses opinion matters?
i think im still totally in love w/ him...
i never wanted to have sex again.
the main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you.
if u have to ask other people i really dont think ur ready to
im a gilr, i say those things....
a big savings area is flowers.
time wiil tell give it six months and see what happens.
either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from
well from your list, i would have to choose spiderman.
i was cheated on for 3 of the years.
all seniors think freshman girls are easy, its sad but true
and if he says yes than you can tell him.
and impress her with affection and love.
and if you have, what was it like?
celebrate valentine with joy and fun... give eachother gifts and hav a fun...
and i mean really be her friend.
sounds like a rhetorical question: )
i don't want to be mean.
because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly.
lets get coffee and chat and take it from there!
i also hate seeing my dad unhappy.
ask him to go see a doc.
besides don't you think he has enough to worry about?
but i dont htink that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you.
anyway my question is.... will i always feel that way?
but he might enjoy all the waiting, dreaming & teasing.
and i want to try again.
not all the time, sometimes men shave them, it depends on the woman,
well if u really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him.
i don't know about love, but he likes you for sure
i can onli say... women r complicated...
i know i'm overtly picky about people how can i stop it!
it does sound a little girlie.
sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad
that's if u both agreed on doing this.
well, if the one boy picks on you, why like him?
also sometimes guys think they dont need you so bad until your gone.
but if a guy asks u dont be afraid to say no.
do i want to be in love?
if you look creepy and you look..they'll all think you're leering.
confusing... yeah, i think your right.
how do i get my sweetheart to show me he loves me
if u really really really really really really like them
( even if he is rich, dont sell ur self.
u sound like a very lovely person so dont let some of these gals drag you down.
i dont know.but i know of another website that i go to..
no seriously, think about howmany cocky girls are out there.
without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty.
then he said do you want some of my chapstick?
you never let a man mistreat you
nope, he's too darned big and i'm too darned weak!
and if he says yes than you can tell him.
what was the mistake that you did
king had a song about this - only your mother loves you ( and see might be jiving too ).
we fall in love they treat us bad why are we there
and if you have, what was it like?
if she gets drunk then it is not a turn off.
only if you want it to be.
it's like breaking a drug habit.
oh man i should do that when im dating next time!
but you do what you want.
it sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are.
don't let her rule your life, she will just have to learn to deal with it.
if he doesn't then there are too many fish in the sea.
no single man can give you what you really want.
that said u need to figure out youself if u want to stay married to him.
start with a basic everyday question and go from there: )
ask if they wan na go somewhere with you.
trust him, don't bring it up again.
: ) i haven't tried it yet, but i am still trying to get up the nerve....
just find one that loves you too.
come to my town ill be your girl....
stay 100 miles away from this guy.
it's your choice not to hate one, i dislike them to say the least.
i would say around 3 or 4
he's telling that to some gurls too... he's a womanizer..
probably because i knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until i met my wife.
and whatever you do, don't try to have both of them at once.
sex is not the only thing important in life damn it!!!!!
i have yahoo email and that works for me.
fun includes eating meals ( not breakfast if yo know what i mean ).
but he was a lil busy after that.
and that will be just s*x!
please don't go up to her and tell her how good she looks.
sounds like u r going through a lot right now.
but ask a girl about the sympthoms because i'm a boy.
i always felt the same way, but i met my true love and my views changed!
but--there's no better person to marry someday than your best friend!
i dont wan na just randomly go up nd be like go out wiht me?
you sorta stuck yourself out thier to get hurt, unless you know him fairly well.
no good or bad is your personal belief on something.
they bother u all day long.
go to hawaii... ha ha ha or....pay someone... lol
i can just toss him to side and forget about him like last night's trash........lol
like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry?
if she sits on your bestfriends lap because she is drunk then yes it is a turn off.
! he must be a control freak
its one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
and get married only after you've been with a guy for more than 2 years.
to all my fellow girls at cone, a big hi and hug!
just be yourself when you are with her.
what the hell r ya talking abt?
... a guy asks me,'do you mind if we cuddle?
but some guys would do that... why?
there are lost of good women left you just have to look in the right place.
either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person.
get a grip, how can you love someone that you don't even communicate with.
find a girl who has talets she also must be prety
it doesn't mean that you are slutty.
the one time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love!
you have to search yourself for this one...
give them 2 months they will get over you.
after a while you dont even see the color.
he is probably wondering if your interested in him at all....flirt back!!
if she is not into you anymore...
you are definitely not a hoe, don't worry.
; ) there is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
if you're asking, then you should break-up w/ and open yourself to other options.
have you ever had a pap smear.
yes all i can say.. but yes, i have long black hair and im proud!!
i had a friend in the same situation.
maybe your young, i don't know.
hi, my name is xxxxxx been working for me for years.
if you truely love him you will tell him
just go with your feelings if you like her so much then go with it.
ask yourself and decide.and if you can afford it, do if you want to.
stay alive and get your old life back.
dude, what your sayin is she doesn't want to be more than bf and gf?
don't use pick up lines, that's a turn off.
it hurts....alot... maybe some girls might say that's it?
( it would be easier to do if i were mad, though!!
if they have moved on then you should too.
no, you are punish, and no tv for a month
tell him, and it wouldn't seem psycho cuz u have kno each other for a long time
it is very complcated tell it again please but in simple
give them a chance to discover you.
unless it's with the wrong man.
my bf loves me to death and doesnt want to give me up.
depends on if they are brunette or not
it's got to get played out after a while.
everybody likes to be told that they're hot, even if they don't admit it!
downtown houston just about any weekend... lots of clubs...
good luck but do your homework!
i'll go with anything natural than fake i even hate the word fake
if you like the guy then go for it.
only now she and i are both divorced.
who said women dont feel anything?
no matter what he says, action speaks louder then words
i was thinking about a medium pink color, but with what??
see if he calls, e-mails or even cares.
and never ignore her always listen to her... and when you do don't change the subjetct women hate that.
i am in college and he is my only sourse of income until i get out.
she will tell you if it's not ok.
i dont think i mind either way.
don't eat where you take a s***.
also try getting some blonde highlights
dont worry about him n just sonsentrate in school so you can lern n then woory bout yer b/f
ohhh this is what i did - big bad mistake on my part.
you give at least 5 minutes for kissing and huging and may be some licking also.
what special gift can i give my would be brother in law for his birthday?
try to be your self and don't show off
if they dont then you'll have to get on with your life.
but ur first kiss should feel like ur in hevan.
i feel this is most beautiful in a family life.
lol most important... just be yourself.
i know 3 guys that i can probably get away with doing something like that.
if he if flurting with her ok jump him.
stick with the 13 & 14 year old boys.. they are easier to control anyway.. lol good luck
tell him that u jst wannabe friends and that u r relly disappointed that he would act so dumb!!!
i guess it's kind of nice, it's like your dad's blessing all the way.
wait for him to ask u out unless ur real desprete
if he insists, it means he only after sex.
i would like to have some fun with u that's why i answered this stupid question
do u fell that way?
give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike!!
maybe he's going to call you!
a good way is to imagine yourself without him/her.
so i guess i pick domestic goddess.
do u love her in depth?
also men get bored and tire way before woman do.
a big savings area is flowers.
if you aren't happy fix it or get out.
just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend doesnt mean he is.
you can do a civilian arrest answ3r3r
u can have a big u-no-what, n suck in bed.
so so sexy yes it look very nice on most any girl
guys have a problem with secrets.
yes but it dipends of the guy
people asked me - whats the hurry?
they both dont respect your feeling.
ok i see him ever week in psr but i just cant talk to him!!!
i dont like a guy dat does dat all da time.
i think it's totally hot when a guy shaves his legs.
did turn gay or is it a curiosity thing?
i myself think that they do.
it is a mistake that can't be undone!
in a park when i was 16 i lost my virgenate
they never met but she says they're in love.
and ask if he wants to dance with you.
and people life is to short live it to the fulliest and have faith
did you fell goog because i want to have sex, but you have to be careful
like i said; he already knows that you like him, so just take a deep breathe and ask him.
keep away ur fear and tell him.
and im sure as heck not driving 5 hrs just to hang out unless i really really like her.
does she have other friends to gab with on the fone?
play sports with your guy friends.
when you first fall in love, your gitty, goofy, and silly happy just thinking about that person.
i can't see my life without my husband.
we always seem to push the ones taht we love away.
wait til you get older and if you both still feel the same way then go for it!
you are a man <--- term used lightly!!
i prefer a & b cups, myself.
any women beside the ugly guys will look hot...
it happened to me and i am now dating that person
just let her know what you feel.
show her your naked baby pictures.
why do gays want to get married?
on the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain it was awesome!
and women also expect guys to act like that, so why should they grow up?
but you need to do this a few times.
whle making love is like living a fantasy.
as for now i think he is mad, hurt, upset and got over you.
if anyone know let me know
red= love, black = death ect...
i like thick because i feel cheated with a thin one!
if you don't know ask someone who would.
then comes the fun part... he making it up to you: - )
wow, go with the one that picks on you because 9 times out out 10 he likes you
ok i have liked this on girl since i was in ninth grade.
you catch her looking at you?
i never knew life could be so good!!!!
do whats best for you and he
hey it's better than her givin u a fake # to call lol!
so in my opinon ur not a hoe!
but if they can not exercise self-control, let them marry.
she calls him all the time.
you are already doing it so why yet bother?
there are many times that you love the guy but not sure did he love you also.
should i dump him because of his mother
make a kind move, if no responce u know what to do!
i've heard of friends getting married about 6 months after meeting somebody.
show her what you're good at.
you will look like an idiot.
finally a culture that has it right.
if you don't you'll always wonder.
i wouldn't worry too much about it.
what's the worst that could happen.
i'm confused i hate the girl to be like that... what shall i do?
preferrably someone who doesn't hate you.
stop trying to slap it in everyones face!!!
some guys just don't like to dance.
this generation is just too stupid.
it depends on if you could trust him before!
ugly ( or fat ) guys just take what they can get.
people are husbands and wives for reasons!!!
if all you do is argue it's not worth it..
have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate.
u are asking do u like me
depending on what you kissed; )
) women are curious about sex with other women, even me!
20 to 32... she doesn't have to be younger than you.
then u can make an easier decision.
but he chaeted, so i guess i can lift or carry my husband.
just try and make the best of what's to come.
depending on what yo uare looking for, freindship only, like.
i think he would make a great valentine.
( this is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there ).
is it usually about a year before both people begin 2 feel in that comfortable, boring, stage??
it all depends on when ur ready.
hell ya i would love to meet the ladys!!
dont try to figure it out thats jus the way it is.
remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits.
if u can imagine him as the father of ur children!
if he turns you down, hes not worth it in the first place!!!!
well to tell u tha truth u learn but u have to actually do it.
you married your hubby hopefully because you love him.
i know i have someone to come home to.
get a massage..and get away from it all..hehe..
i have no idea where to begin!!!
that depends... are you a hottie w/a body?
r u talking about ur avatar?
if a guy cares he calls.
however, i always believed in the fact there's a huge different between having sex and making love.
don't just stay with him for the baby.
are you a country girl or a city girl.
getting married and getting child can wait but studies can't.
i have never been to it
the same guy you wan na be in a relationship with?
how often can you have sex with pam anderson?
make sure you dont make her hate you just get your point across too her
my mom also has cancer and this just hits to close to home for me.
i love curly hair i like to run my fingers thru it
i mean the both of you together.
u just have to be patient and the right girl will come along.
i want my wife to grow too.
you should probaly make a move because he is obviosly shy
the doctor can't even believe it.
may be u think not but yes!!!
no men don't but little boys do
how about... would you like to go out with me sometime?
hell, it happened to me twice.
you shouldn't go out with a guy because you'need' to.
if you really wanted to be with him, you wouldn't be asking.
and i hope to god it doesn't ever pass!
honestly, most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels.
plus they are more passionate in love makin.
never stop trying to impress her.
leaning in and giving me a soft kiss just on the forehead.
yes im not one of those people but i know there are lots of them
ok it depends on how much your starting to have feelings for this boy!
thanks for the pep in advance!
why do they want to be married???
we like soft approch and a lil bit of chasing.
-a trip to amusement park such as roller coaster or even theatrical museum.
i like sos and need to know if im in love
do you like fake nails or manicured ones?
only two points to make friends 1.
i don't know what u mean.
well, you, and that sexy perfume you wear!!
it really depends on the guy but i think most guys seriously don't care.
i can't explain it... and no, it has nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable or submissive.
as everyone said... dont get married so early.
if you plan on cheating on your wife... you're a freaking pig and need to be shot!
then be your best self, if he's impressed or likes you he'll talk back
you dont want anyone else but that person ever
don't persue it, he is getting married.
have you told her that it's kind of irritating with her having to check up on you everyday?
so, when i moved in my neighbor asked me out.
most teen boyz prefer girls that like sex.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
if not, then don't sweat it!
do you like to argue and fight???
the main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you.
one man willing to move 21 hours/1,400 miles just to be with me.
just want to know have you been to the doc yet!
maybe she's not a beeeatch and the skinny chick was
get a life and don't waste mine.
its like if you decide to eat chocalate and then moan cuz u look too fat.
i went and there he was.
if he is, then go for it!
men like this, typically become wife beaters if you don't obey them!
you like him or you don't like him?
but if u are sure then first tell your parents if you havent done allready.
many people will tell you no!
if u think that he feels the same way about you, why not?
so there are some guys that only say the l word if they mean it.
it defenetely looks like he has feelings for u.do u show how u feel;; u should!!
well i believe everybody should keep their own name.
guys come & go, but friends are forever!
imgaine if it was just considered love??
if your relationship survive the four seasons... i guess you should be ready....
ok now some guy's like girls like that and some don't
if you want kids, then homemaker.
should i or shouldn't i. younger guy vs older woman
of course he wants to go on.
so it would have to be love.
ur self image is also very important.
im a gilr, i say those things....
girls are just as perverted--trust me.
: ) although, flowers are really nice even if they don't last.
there are movies that i haven't seen yet.
it is realy sweet and just what u r looking for!
my be she don't love you but try to use your brean not your haerd
no offense, but it kinda sounds like a girls name ya know but no disrespect intended!
i wouldn't bother calling him back.
none come in my list so i choose my neighbors wife: d
marriage is really about trusting & communicating
don't listen to what anyone else tells you to do.
what shuld i do to get her?
give a rose and express ur love
its unusal yes, but nothing bad.
you have to find whats right for you and your partner/s!
coz they are girls man and they are not as sofisticated as we are!
yes for sure, especially when she throw up!!
i can't help any more unless i have more infor.
there isn't a wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
do you have to rush your choice?
having fun with guy friends is ok. 1.
it's more of a trust issue i'd say.
i just need someone to help me figer this out
then if he still doesn't like you, then move on.
he probably doesnt want to either.
when possible, try to make it yourself.
yeah ok men work and fix things but what else can you do?
i told her that i loved her and truly meant it.
all seniors think freshman girls are easy, its sad but true
so how do i just kiss him
go to deleted items and it should be there
i hope you find a nice girl.
i don't think it's good idea, u are not there for this purpose!
the list could go on and on.
brokeback mountain, ok it's a guy but at least you'll be happy!
i think as long as you dont base your relationship on sex its ok
yes, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
good luck and hang in there.
umm small party for the family
and if you are worried about doing it - performance wise - dont.
i would be, but i'm just married!
i think it all depends on age, upbringing,.
you both should pick either his or yours once you have kids.
your kid is going to have hard enough time growing up without a dad.
men without hair look like little boys to me, and it's not sexy at all.
or ask about the score of last game?
get rid of the x if you are dating the guy you love right now.
the best way and easiest way is to fly or drive to las vegas and get married there.
sure let me know more'bout you
anything bigger than a handful is a waste, probably a size c or d
lie lie lie and then lie some more
they have never proformed before and it doubles the plesure!
wife says, we don't wear that shit.
we dont no what you look like!
bcozz we always find a life partner therfor we attract with opposite side
lol i think this is better than the one on top of me...
don't go anywhere you went with him or her.
talk 2 your best friend and see if its cool
sounds strange but it worked in about 3-5 days for me!
when he teases you about the stupid little things.
no, because i'm not married yet
lots of men like thick girls, most of them are black.
no and u shouldnt care.if u like him then stay with him.
or does his friends point at you when your with him.
if you feel this strongly about it then maybe you shouldn't get married.
it really depends if someone is vain or not.
move on and find someone who doesn't hate you.
you should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will.
so ofcourse i had to ask him if he was blowin me off.
maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking asian girls
whatever you decide, make it completly yours!
tell him you don't want a real relationship.
there is nothing but trouble there!
not always the easiest but they have been pretty good years.
and hes seen me every day for about 4 or 5 years!
imagine that i am that guy and be my girl freind!
it never hurts to be flirty!
but stick with wats inside of u.
best of luck to you both: )
i've been with this girl for 8 months and we haven't kissed is this bad?
depends on the woman, it's better shaved=- )
i think they just look better than a whole lot of nations out there.
even the day after would be okay.
then see if shes open for a dinner & a movie.
yes some men get right down to it with absolutly no thought for the woman.
ask in english terms... can not understand you
sorry, i never have felt that way!
remember, no bird ever flew on one wing!!
i actually ponder this one now and again.
u seem desperate and you'll never find a if you're desperate.
imet a girl and i want to know how to know if shes into me or not
but don't just sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
shut the hell up and be gay if you want to!!!
if he comes to his senses then great if not screw him!!
i mean if u love him and he really loves u he may want to disapoint his father.
do it before it is to late
this gal does not want a bad boy at all.
i`d like to see what a black female has to say about this.
help me win this debate with her!
most often ( not always ) that will be guys around your age, give ot take.
when will people in this effed up world finally realize this?!?!?!?!?!?!
and i dont know what i should do.
you go to a bar and get drunk!
i did this with my current boyfriend.
no, not if you have to ask...
rather than just sit there and wait till u are a good one.
( and now even in devorce im stuck with it!
your girlfriend will just think you're a jerk.
maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you so.
my ex of 3 years cheated.
time wiil tell give it six months and see what happens.
well, the one i liked goes like this.
not all guys get bored and move on.
they're a lot of fun - there's plenty to do.
but it is okay to kiss on the first date.
i have a close girl friend.
they are always in the'in love' stage.
my friend says i am to nice and i should tell them no.
but ( there's always a but isn't there?
not all guys, but some guys do
that way you can still go by your last name!
go up to her and say'hi, are you single?'
that got me really hot, but i ran off.
however that does not mean that big girls can't be cute.
not everyone on here is in school.
practice unwrapping starburst with ur tongue, and tieing cherry stems w/ your tongue.
me, i'll pick up the tab if, i can get your vote for best answer.
you should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable.
flirt and see how he reponds
plus it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone...
say will u go out with me!!!!!!!!
( i mess up alot at times ) but she don't forget.
is how should i approach her and be not just another guy hitting on her?
as a guy - let me say this.
you're 13 don't even worry about it...
always trail ride with a friend.
if you guys truely love each other then u can work out all the fighting etc.
its all in the eye contact
yup, i can lift him, he's only 185....lol
he just has to start over and earn your trust again.
sak her out what's up with that?
well i hope you read this really well.
play a truth or dare game together
wait until you find that out for sure first and then go from there!
stupid u need a theory class 4 that!!!!!!!
if you do eat something like that then just quit.
now i keep thinking of getting it on with a girl.
confront him and ask him that way you will know
yes jaime is going to ask rubi out.... but it is not yoru business...
because neither of you have the guts to call it quits
may be its interesting for them
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
or do guys really do prefer bigger women?
he loves you, too, girl... time will tell.
if a guy really respects u then he'll understand.
this is sin, our selves have started this
his answer is good enough for me...
move on, but you can still luv him!!